## General Instructions

- Submit your solutions as pull-requests to the `solutions` subdirectory in this repository.
Make sure you check out the instructions specified there too.
- If you are concerned that you don't know a particular technology / language required to solve a problem, good. Use this opportunity to learn about it. If you can prove that a problem is too easy because of past experience, let me know, and I'll give you a harder problem.
- I recommend using Python or JavaScript (since I'm most familiar with them right now). However, you are free to choose any language you wish, as long as it is not something that makes code deliberately hard to read. If I don't know it, I will find someone who can review your code in my place, or else study the language and then review it myself.
- Please abide by the style guide for your preferred language ([Python](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/), [JavaScript](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript), etc). Why? Code is written only once, but read many many times, and so we want to optimize for that. If everyone follows the same conventions while writing code, it makes other people's code look like your own, and therefore, easier to understand.
- Please write clean, well-structured, easy to understand code. What does that mean? I should be able to figure out exactly how your code works based purely on an understanding of the problem, and the API you provide. The fact that I don't have to read the internals of your code to understand it is nice consequence of making reasonable choice at every step. And this is extremely valuable while debugging complex systems.
- If I do not provide sample input/output in the problem, make reasonable assumptions. If I do, they are still just guidelines, so feel free to make reasonable changes. Your goal isn't to pass some automated test-case checker: instead, it is to build something that will be __intuitively useful__ to other people, and so use your best judgement.
